ah that's good you're back look look at
what more trains dad go it's a race he's
catching up to him you're in the way Wow
he fell he saved the day for that one
he's stuck who is that Evert no Jane
Jane is stuck again
Oh but Thomas the gold Thomas is pushing
us oh you found the caboose that's what
you were looking for right Oh getting
ran over by snowplow James
go Thomas go Wow
let's see snowplow and Thomas
oh wow he figured like a tent like the
sense that he is you love a J fits the
safe are you fixing the bridge just it's
in the bridge and it works oh oh he's
stuck
good job conductor and you guys haven't
noticed it's Thomas trains everywhere
this one over there one over here and
another one in between those two it's
Thomas City over here mr. Thomas take
over we'll be back with more atomic no
oh
snow-clearing M&E Oh No mr. conductor
help out mr. conductor
help me I'm turned over get up Oh save
you they both said thank you
babies over here on the smoke know what
city is this Jamal icy rails
never
it never ends it's Thomasson's friends
everywhere Oh